# Rough draft

When I hear or read the word "influencer" basically anywhere, it always triggers that "Ugh“ feeling inside me. The reason why I chose to describe it like this is because the specific feelings are a bit more complicated. It makes me feel, like I am no longer able to understand the world around me. Which is crazy, as I am only 21 and I’ve always been a part of new trends and stuff. I myself spent 5 years by creating video content on YouTube. But here’s my hot take. I learned a lot by doing that. I felt the need to improve. I had my idols and my young me wanted to be like them. I started learning many different things about editing, creating graphics, making my own motiongraphics, later on I invested into a better microphone to make my videos sound better and you know why? It wasn’t because I was told or even forced to do it. There were no "oh my god, buy a new microphone“ comments under my videos. It was my own will to push the quality of my content further and further. Because there was always room to improve and for me, it was a way to make my content differ from the rest. All the things I learned because of this even helped me to get a real job. 

But… what we usually call an influencer is not a person making videos on YouTube. It’s rather a person making content on TikTok or Instagram. And this so called entertaining contant in my eyes is an absolute dogshit from like 90%. 
There is barely any creativity, any need to improve, any need to share something valuable. And valuable things don’t have to be necessarily educational. It can literally just be entertainment that’s not dumb. And that combined with the word itself even makes me sad to some point. Why is influencer an influencer? Because he influences… and who? Mostly youth. How can I appreciate somebody who earns money by degenerating children? Whom we often call a "celebrity“ because he’s making a content with 0 value, filmed on mobile selfie camera, knows shit about editing, and has basically zero sklil in anything? One might say… then why are they so popular? And to that I say, it’s a reflection of our modern society. It is what lots of people entertain themselves with today. And what do they see in it? I cannot understand that. Not even if somebody is trying to explain it to me. 
And as a little disclaimer… I am aware there is also plenty of creators that actually put some work, soul and value in their content. That didn’t build their career just on brainwashing children. But you know what’s funny? Those people often don’t want to be refered at as "influencers“.
I was filming one podcast recently and there were several people that are "full time influencers“ and some… some actually seemed pretty cool. But what I found funny and interesting was how these individuals with more than 50 braincells when they were introduced as influencers, they always throwed that "Ahhah, y-yeah“ face. But when somebody introduced himself proudly as "I am an influencer“ I could basically tell right away that I’d die if I was about to talk with him about anything for 1 minute. 

Although we shouldn’t put everybody in the same box, one thing is clear.
Lot, and I mean a lot of influencers create bizzare content while fully being aware of it, because it works. And that’s my last point I would like to share. 
We as a society should think more about how we spend our time and who are we giving our time to. Time is a commodity. 
And lot’s of people are actually aware that lot’s of the mentioned content is simply a waste of time. And they are also confused why does it even exist.
But yet they still watch it and therefore feed it.
The best thing we can do, if we feel like it shouldn’t be popular and discussed is to not care about it.
