# 06-thesis

Watch the video [here](https://youtu.be/msS4nsrm4Ds).

## Transcript

Hi, I'm Matthew and in this video I'm supposed to talk about my final thesis, but since I am delaying my graduation by one year because of my practical project, I thought it's going to be probably more interesting to tell you something about my practical project. Also, I haven't started writing the thesis yet, so anyways, the thing with my practical project is that I struggled a lot with it and it's weird because I haven't actually started working on it yet, but I had so much trouble with coming up with something that's going to be good for me because, you know, at first I thought I will put everything into this project.

My personal time, my, I don't know, professional time because I'm also kind of working already and I thought, yeah, this is the main thing, this is the most important thing that I'll beleaving this school with and it's kind of true, but, you know, at the same time, I was like really stressed. Although I knew I will delay my graduation and I will have one more year for it, I plan such a big project that I was just really stressed about it. You know, I thought I will make a complete 3D animation and it's going to be amazing. It's going to be like, it's going to be top tier production, although I have no actual experience with that. And yeah, I was before Christmas, I was extremely anxious because I wasn't sure I will be able to, you know, make it in time... Although I delayed my graduation and I plan, I even sat at my job that I will be no longer able to take that many projects because there is this final project for me, et cetera. And yeah, it was hell. It was hell... It was so much stress for me that before Christmas I thought, okay, you know what? Let's just fuck it. Fuck it right now. I'll continue after Christmas and after Christmas, the stress, it came back absolutely immediately after the Christmas ended.

And I had to start rethinking that because I thought, you know, does this actually make sense because I will put so much time into this and it will also take my time to work on some professional projects at my work, which are really important for me because of portfolio stuff, et cetera. And I will just bet everything on one thing that might not even be that great. So I completely rethink it. Re, rethink, rethought. Yeah, you know what I mean? And I came up with a different thing, a completely different like a technique. It wasn't supposed to be a complete 3d animation, but rather a half shot film with some VFX elements, a different story, everything.

But I was not happy with it... I was not happy with it. It was much easier, but I just didn't like the story... So I rethink it again and I came up with another story and at first I, I loved it, but then I was thinking more about it and I started hating it. I started hating it again because you know, the thing for me is I love when movies, even short ones make sense and there are no dumb things or no questions left unanswered, et cetera. And so I wanted to make something similar, but I just wasn't able to do that. I, I don't know if it's because I have no experiences with that or because I had my head filled with other stuff too, like work, still finishing studies, et cetera. But I realized it is very hard for me to come up with something that I will both like, meaning it's, it's going to be, it's going to sound good and the story will be great, et cetera. But at the same time, it won't ruin my whole like time schedule for everything else like work, family, maybe, et cetera. So I had to come up with a fourth attempt and so far this has been the one I was holding onto the most so far... So I will, so I hope it will stay this way. It's going to be a music video clip for my, I wouldn't say favorite song because having a favorite song is a really strong claim that I'm not able to make with how, like considering how many songs I listen to daily, but yeah, it's a song that I really like. It's a song that meant a lot for me in the three years I already contacted the, the author, the singer... Uh, he agreed. He gave me the permission and he was really excited about. So yeah, now I'm happy because I know this will be good. I am almost certain and I really liked the idea that I was able to come up with. It's not going to be that hard to the point where, uh,.. I will still be able to do other stuff and, uh, at the same time I still think it will benefit me. Like there's still a lot of things that I will be able to learn from it. So after, what is it? April after well, half a year, maybe more. I finally, uh, decided what I want to do and I'm happy with it and I hope that next week it won't be different again... So wish me luck. Thank you for your attention.
